[Docs] Metrics configured in CM (#3948)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/ref-sample-kafka-resource-config.adoc

<19> Storage size for xref:proc-resizing-persistent-volumes-{context}[persistent volumes may be increased] and additional xref:proc-adding-volumes-to-jbod-storage-{context}[volumes may be added to JBOD storage].
<20> Persistent storage has xref:ref-persistent-storage-{context}[additional configuration options], such as a storage `id` and `class` for dynamic volume provisioning.
<21> xref:type-Rack-reference[Rack awareness] is configured to spread replicas across different racks. A `topologykey` must match the label of a cluster node.
<22> Kafka xref:con-common-configuration-prometheus-reference[metrics configuration for use with Prometheus].

> <23> Kafka rules for exporting metrics to a Grafana dashboard through the JMX Exporter, which are enabled by referencing a ConfigMap containing configuration for the Prometheus JMX exporter in this example. You can enable metrics without further configuration using a reference to a ConfigMap containing empty file under `metricsConfig.valueFrom.configMapKeyRef.key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<23> Kafka rules for exporting metrics to a Grafana dashboard through the JMX Exporter, which are enabled by referencing a ConfigMap containing configuration for the Prometheus JMX exporter in this example. You can enable metrics without further configuration using a reference to a ConfigMap containing an empty file under `metricsConfig.valueFrom.configMapKeyRef.key`.
```

<20> Persistent storage has xref:ref-persistent-storage-{context}[additional configuration options], such as a storage `id` and `class` for dynamic volume provisioning.
<21> Rack awareness is configured to xref:assembly-kafka-rack-{context}[spread replicas across different racks]. A `topology` key must match the label of a cluster node.

> <22> Kafka link:{BookURLDeploying}#assembly-metrics-setup-str[metrics configuration for use with Prometheus].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<22> Kafka xref:con-common-configuration-prometheus-reference[metrics configuration for use with Prometheus].
```

> <23> Kafka rules for exporting metrics to a Grafana dashboard through the JMX Exporter. A reference to ConfigMap containing set of configured rules provided with Strimzi may be copied to your Kafka resource configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<23> Kafka rules for exporting metrics to a Grafana dashboard through the JMX Exporter, which are enabled by referencing a ConfigMap containing configuration for the Prometheus JMX exporter in this example. You can enable metrics without further configuration using a reference to a ConfigMap containing empty data under a specified key.
```
